when I was younger it was more bright
pinks and bright reds but now I've
actually only got one right in all the
lipstick some days she and I'll do that
first it's Mac hot red mist edition as
most marketers to be tons of gold in it
very pinky what I'm wearing my lips
right now we're very neutral is to be
offering one of my backups girl out and
it's terracotta gloss kashmir in 01 rose
pondicherry looks like a gloss but it's
actually much it looks like that it's
not drying I think girl our glosses are
just in a league of their own back kind
of sexy and it's a matte so it's got
quite an annoying formula really
shrivels up your lips and see the same
color family really nice lipstick I
still really love this but I just wore
it every single days so now I don't
reach for it as much the one that I'm
wearing everyday nowadays but you can
see it's all worn down but it did say
cryin I've always get loads of
compliments when I wear this it's a
really good lipstick it's only about six
pounds and it's got a brilliant texture
and its really opaque its match I'll put
someone now
this is crying palette and it's got all
these neutral lip shades they've got a
few collections this one I think is
called the neutral set you'll recognize
it if you see it and it's got amazing
colors not one dud shade it's absolutely
brilliant it's got new shades but none
of them will wash you out so it's got
brownie shades pinky shades russet
shades everything and it's even got an
amazing dupe for kind of sexy which is
right there and I love taking this on
holiday with me because otherwise I'd be
taking about 12 lipsticks fantastic and
it's about 40 pounds really good for any
once again next everyday lipsticks that
I really love is by Estee Lauder
venetian rose and this again the Privy
looks very similar to the girl i won so
they're all very similar as you can tell
i'm not sure if it lasts quite as long
as the mac but probably does more or
less and the fact that the texture is so
much but and this is Mac front lip and
it looks very very pale in the tube
gives an amber glow distinguish I really
like again quite peachy is Bambi buxom
lips by bare essentials and it looks
like that these are actually quite
expensive I think they're about 16 or 17
pounds and you don't get that much
product but I really liked it anyway
because I love the color and I really
love the fact that it tingles and really
does feel like it
your lips not sure if it does or not but
it really feels like it does and i think
that's half the battle so you feel more
confident s thing i really love and it's
right Darla I'm really upset because I
didn't realize they were discontinuing
it then when I went to buy my backup
they didn't have it anymore and they
don't seem to have anything very similar
and the current lineup say that's a bit
sad but this is number seven four four
and it's from their kiss kiss luck range
which is a very glossy lip gloss which
they do and I really like these because
they're intensely pigmented and
intensely glossy but they're not too
sticky so for me I hate stickiness but i
do like high shine so it's really quite
difficult to find something which you
can give you that glossiness but without
compromising the texture and a bit of a
near joop from the recent mac liberty of
london collection and is called frankly
fresh these are really really similar
shades I also love the other lip gloss
which I got from the liberty of london
connection called perennial high style
and again i just love the fact these are
very shiny very pigmented and not sticky
which for mac is a real Bertha once
again found in their Jeep and this is
even launched yet but I'm really excited
I went to an SD
when which I need to be updating you all
about it was so much fun and I was
ecstatic to be invited as you can
imagine many way this is going to be
launched and it's a collaboration
between estee lauder and tompa sure is
going to be called simply pink and when
i was at the event i was actually
wearing the mac lip gloss so I was
really excited to see that they had a
really really good jeep really nice love
that got forever glossy full-color and
these don't seem to have names on them
but it's that pale pink shade and they
lost forever to get 10 milliliters you
can get every last drag out of it that's
good plasticky shine a good go to every
day collapse very similar to the krallen
and it's paula dorf which is quite hard
to get in England and this shade is
called flamingo really beautiful texture
very creamy very opaque doesn't last
quite as well as the mac ones but you
know you don't have horrible texture to
contend with very flesh toned and it's
just a really well designed color really
good pull it off goddess lip liner
because Lisa Lisa t1 recommended it lip
liners which I like are the Estee Lauder
artists lip pencil and spice right her
number oh aight and I also really love
the gosh pencils The Velvet Touch lip
liners peach pearl very nice nude peach
color and lost so well cream stick
liners by Mac and my favorite ones are
the witch
again it's kind of a brownish color and
sublime culture there as a pencil is by
trish mcevoy it's called essential
pencil barely there I'm 12 and it's like
a chubby pencil and it's a really really
good neutral probably my favorite MAC
lipstick in recent living memory is
brave new bronze which came with star
Warriors really love the packaging
especially that bit it's the ultimate
easy to wear nude a lovely baby pink the
Cupid's bow to highlight fell out Cupid
on they've changed the packaging's that
it's black black barrel it's the same
exact product and it lasts forever suit
really recommend it and it's a shimmery
champagne nude color and the other ones
just like a concealer shade and this is
illamasqua vowel